London:

The London Peace Congress--Meeting of Fugitive Slaves--

held at the Hall of Commerce, London, being a soiree given by fugitive

     LONDON.

were thrown out that it would surpass anything ever witnessed in London.

in the distance the out-skirts of London. We could get but an indistinct

thing of the kind is done with a degree of propriety in London, that

would put the New Yorkers to blush. If you are run over in London, they

at:" in London, if your hat is knocked off it is picked up and handed to

We assembled at the London Bridge Railway Station on Tuesday morning the

at London. But after the delay of another hour, we were again in motion.

be hoped that neither the London Peace Committee, nor any other men

                    LONDON, _Sept. 8th_.

carriage, _en route_ to the English metropolis. We reached London at

Strand. As the London lodging-houses seldom furnish dinners, I lost no

entered in London, I was not a little annoyed at the politeness of the

and quicker meal for the weary traveller, than a London eating-house.

A few days after my arrival in London, I received an invitation from

On my return to London I accepted an invitation to join a party on a

nearly all my countrymen who visit London pay their respects to this

                    LONDON, _Sept. 24_.

through the streets of London, another puts his portrait in the British

London, I felt safe in parting with all but a few shillings, feeling

London, and that I had not retained money enough to defray my expenses

witness as dark days as in London. It was on Monday morning, in the fore

employment there, he had come up to London. Here he had met with no

friend I have met in London." I bade him farewell, and left him with a

inhospitable appearance than London to the stranger with an empty

care, and whom I love as I can no others. I had no friend in London to

once more at home. Thus ended a dark day in London.

                    LONDON, _October 10_.

Club system as carried on in London, can scarcely imagine the

lions of the city, commencing with the Tower of London. Every American,

than the Tower of London. The stories of the imprisoning of kings, and

artist to take sketches from which a panorama of London was painted. The

While on our journey from London to Paris, to attend the Peace Congress,

British Museum at London, or the Louvre at Paris, but is probably the

acquainted in London, to partake of his hospitality, should I ever visit

from London, and was only on a visit of a few days. She looked pale and

                    LONDON, _June 27th, 1851_.

as we seldom experience in London, with a clear sky, and invigorating

facilities as London for the reception of the Great Exhibition, now

_The London Peace Congress--Meeting of Fugitive Slaves--Temperance

                    LONDON, _August 20_.

assembled in London. They consisted chiefly of the working classes,

at an hour, you might as well prowl through the streets of London to

the Strand, Regent, or Piccadilly Streets in London, one may meet half a

the City of London, for the purpose of laying their wrongs before the

besides a large number who, drawn to London by the Exhibition, had come

kind held in London for years created a greater sensation than this

